Cheers, Yuma!
You're the cat's meow!
He's a great
duelist, too!
And semi-finalist!
We're sure you're gonna be
the Carnival champion!
I'm not sure.
(all)
Yay, Yuma!
(Bronk)
You're A-OJ
with us!
Thanks guys!
You're my favorite fans!
He's a dueling dynamo!
(Cathy)
And the cutest
competitor, too!
What's the matter, Tori?
Don't feel like
celebrating?
I bet Tori's still
ticked off at you!
She'll never forgive you for
deserting her in that desert,
even though she probably
deserved it.
Cathy!Meow!
I'm sorry I forgot ya, but I was
focused on important stuff--
So I'm not
important, huh!?
(Lillybot)
Eat this Yuma.
It will keep you quiet
and out of trouble.
Of course if you kids
aren't hungry,
you can
always eat later.
No, we'll eat now,
Grandma.
(Bronk)
Yowzah!
This looks
scrummalicious!
(Caswell)
As usual!
Dig in!
I don't want
any leftovers!
Yes, ma'am!
Oh, boy!
Hey, wait!
But... you told us
to dig in...
After we give thanks for
our food, of course.
Let's hear it for Grandma!
(all)
Thanks for
this fabulous feast!
Eat up, Yuma!
You'll need all the energy you
can get for your next duel!
You'll be facing Shark
or Kite or Vetrix.
They'll have as much chance
against me as this meatball!
Yuma's really feelin'
the flow!
Yeah, but he barely won
some of his duels before.
I didn't wanna make it
look too easy!
(Astral)
Whoever Yuma's opponent is,
this next duel
will surely be
his most challenging ever.
Whether he faces Vetrix with
his crest and Numbers...
or Kite and his
powerful NEO GALAXY-EYES...
Or perhaps Shark...
who, in the end,
may be prove to be
the most dangerous of them all
because of his Chaos Number.
I wonder how he acquired it.
I'll polish off anybody
who stands in my way!
I can't wait to pull out my deck
and start dueling again!
No matter who he faces, Yuma
will need to keep his cool...
Hey, where's my deck?
I know I had it on me
but now it's gone!
I've lost my deck!
♪
♪ If life is
a game they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Take off
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
♪
How could you lose
your deck?
You're so
irresponsible.
(Yuma)
It's not my fault!
Some card thief must've
picked my pocket!
Well, you think
you can track it down?
Yup!
Fortunately, the locator chip
in Yuma's deck case
is functioning properly.
According to the tracking app
on my Duel Tab,
Yuma's deck is in
the middle of Heartland City.
(Bronk)
Only one small problem--
Er, make that not so small.
Since I'm a finalist,
I have VIP access.
Hey, open up, it's me,
Yuma Tsukumo!
C'mon guys,
I'm really desperate!
Don't embarrass me in front
of my entourage!
All right, that's it!
Gimme a break!
There must be a secret password
they forgot to tell me.
I'll get past
this entrance somehow...
Even if I have to jump over!
Unless you've got
a jet pack, forget it!
Oh yeah?
Well, I've got something
better than a jet pack!
It's called
superhuman athletic ability!
♪
Watch out!
Here I go!
♪
Yuma...
It worked!
Don't worry.
I've got an even
better plan...
(Tori)
We've had enough of your
plans for one day, thank you!
Can't you see it's impossible
to get into Heartland?
Impossible unless you're
driving a truck, that is...
Oh, yeah.
Those garbage trucks
take the Litterbots
and the trash they collected to
the recycle center each night.
I got an idea!
And it totally stinks!
(Tori)
There's no way I'm getting
inside one of those!
(Flip)
But it's the only chance!
These garbage cans will get
trucked into Heartland tonight!
All you gotta do is
hitch a ride!
Flip, you're a genius!
Thanks and good luck!
Ciao!
(Bronk)
Where you goin', Flip?
I gotta go feed
my alligator!
Hey, get back here!
You little sneak!
Oh well.
Let's get hiding!
But, Yuma!
Wow.
He's really going
through with it!
We can't let
him go alone.
You go too,
Bronk.
Me-- Jump in a
stinky trash can?
It's gross... but no worse
than your gym locker.
Gee, thanks.
Now, hold on!
There's still one
free can.
And you can't
call it, Tori!
Trust me, I have no intention of
climbing into that can, Cathy.
Oh, sure you say
you're not going with Yuma...
but you always end up
with him,
even though I'd
be much more helpful.
Now, girls, I would be more than
happy to give up my place...
I know, let's play
rock-paper-scissors!
Fine!
The winner goes with Yuma
and what's-his-name.
Hey!
(both)
Rock, paper, scissors... Go!
Again!
I have seen many
strange human rituals...
but this is the most
bewildering by far.
Again!
Yeah!
Paper covers rock!
I'm going in
the trash can-- Oh yuck.
Quick, hide before
the bots come!
Oh, epic fail!
(litterbot)
Extract all waste products
from receptacles...
Extract all waste
products from receptacles...
♪
Hey!
Toxic waste
detected!
Hey, wait up!
You can't leave litter lyin'
around like that!
I'm just as good as
the rest of the garbage!
♪
(Vetrix)
Excellent.
Everything is unfolding
like I planned...
By tomorrow, I can
begin the final phase
and all the Numbers will
soon belong to me!
It's true.
I was forced to use Trey,
Quattro, and Quinton
to reach my goal...
but I had no other choice.
My sons gave up everything
to serve my plans.
But now that
they're out of commission,
I'm turning elsewhere
for help.
I'm coming for you,
Vetrix!
♪
I've been
expecting you.
Welcome.
You!
(laughing)
Enough games!
Come on out!
♪
That was too easy.
I'm disappointed
in you, Shark.
But that will be
the last time that happens.
As you know, a seed of darkness
was placed in your heart
during your duel with Trey.
You thought you
had overcome this darkness,
but you were wrong.
The seed will grow till it
seizes control of you...
then you'll use its darkness
to destroy your next opponent...
Yuma!
Trash contained...
trash contained...
At long last...
The son of Kazuma Tsukumo!
Thanks, I feel
totally grungy now!
Hey, at least the worst part
is over, right?
♪
Get movin'!
Go faster!
Yuma!
Wait...
We're okay?
Hey... There's
an exit!
Let's get out of here before
this belt starts up again!
Next time I think
I'll skip that ride.
Yep.
Look at all that junk!
Who knew this city produced
so much trash?
Yeah... and it all
gets dumped in a big pit!
Incredible!
There's tons of garbage
spilling out every second.
That pit must be almost
bottomless.
(Astral)
That vision
is of Astral world!
I sense something strange
about this place.
Yuma...
Hart is right above us!
We have to go find him!
♪
Good, the coast
is clear.
You sure you wanna go
through with this?
I am!
C'mon!
♪
(Yuma)
Gotta find Hart!
I need to tell
him something!
What's that?
(Tori)
Some kind of fancy elevator,
I think.
Maybe it will
lead us up to Hart.
Only one way to
find out--
Intruder alert--
Intruder alert!
Eliminate the intruders!
Switch over to duel mode!
Wait... it wants
to duel us?
Okay, let's take it to
this mechanical creep!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
(all)
Let's duel!
(Yuma)
Uh-oh...
Is this gonna be
a math duel?
Let's hope not!
Hey, guys...
Are these the cards
we're expected to use?
If they are, I'm not sure how
we could even summon them.
Yeah, especially since
they're all Xyz Monsters.
Initiate summoning software...
Summon Scrap Recycler!
Another robot!
How're we supposed
to battle it?
Hey, I got an idea!
Let's try to Xyz summon
by using the number pad!
Yo, Tori!
Hop onto that three key
in front of ya!
I don't see how playing
hopscotch will help, but...
Now, since we lit up
two level three keys,
I'll try to Xyz Summon!
Don't let me down,
Wind-Up Zenmaines!
That's an Xyz Monster
alright!
Yay!
Okay, Zemaines, it's
time to zap away!
Get rid of
that Recycler!
Excellent!
Summoning Scrap Searcher.
Man!
This duel just got
real ugly.
Yuma, scram while
we give him a makeover!
Don't argue, go!
But, Bronk, I...
Listen, Hart needs your help
more than we do!
We'll distract these
'bots while you find him!
All right.
Good luck, guys!
Faster!
(Bronk)
Hey, Colossa-Cop--
Turn around!
We aren't done
pulverizin' ya!
Tori, press two more
Level One keys!
Two number ones...
There and there.
I'll use all three Level Ones
to Xyz Summon,
Mira the Star-Bearer!
Mira, scrap
that Scrap Searcher!
Yeah, way to go,
Bronk!
Summoning monster...
Scrap Hunter!
Lunge for
a number two, Tori!
Sure thing!
Light it up,
Shining Elf!
I'll be back, guys,
after I track down Hart!
Summoning Scrap Shark.
We're all set!
Come on out
Evigishki Merrowgeist!
Summoning out Scrap Golem.
No way!
♪
(Yuma)
Hart!
He's asleep.
Just like he was before
with Quinton.
Don't hurt him!
Hart...
(Astral)
I do not believe
he is simply sleeping.
It would appear that Hart has
remained unconscious
this entire time.
Hart, it's me, Yuma.
I survived and I'm still
competing in the Duel Carnival.
I wanted to see you so I could
give you my promise
that I'll defeat
Vetrix and win the Carnival.
I'm hoping to face your brother
Kite in the final duel.
And if I do, I'm sure it's gonna
be the most awesome battle ever!
And...
there's one more thing
I wanted to tell you.
Hart...
I'm sorry.
I should never have let
Quinton take you away.
What happened
to you is my fault!
(Hart)
Yuma...
Can you hear me?
Yuma!
Fascinating...
(Hart)
Yuma, Astral!
♪
Hi, Yuma!
I felt in my heart that you
could come here to visit me
and I was right!
I can't believe it!
I'm glad
to see you, Hart.
I have a favor to ask.
Will you please save
my big brother, Kite?
My brother is growing weaker
all the time.
I want to save him,
but it's impossible.
I don't have the power.
I can't leave
this place, Yuma.
That's why... I need you
to save him for me.
Wait, don't go!
Where were we?
Inside Hart's mind.
But how could
that be?
Simply put, although
Hart seems unconscious,
his mind is actually
quite active.
If we could free Hart
from his present state,
there is a chance he could
return to normal.
What do we have to do
to free him?
I am not sure...
but remember that Kite has
claimed that he collects Numbers
to save his younger brother.
That's right.
What am I gonna do?
If I collect all the Numbers,
Hart may never be saved.
But if he is saved, Hart
will destroy Astral world...
What am I supposed
to do, Astral?
You are the one
who must battle.
The decision is
yours alone.
You really believe I can decide
something so important?
Yes I do.
It has been an honor for me
to duel alongside you, Yuma.
To my great surprise, I have
learned much from you
during our time together.
And the most
important thing of all
is that I can trust
your judgment.
Whichever path you decide on,
I will accept it.
I know you will do
what you believe is best.
Thanks, Astral.
That means
a lot to me.
But that really didn't
help me at all!
It would be a lot better
if you told me what to do!
Just tell me that
I should get the Numbers
for you and your mission!
If you do that, then I won't
be forced to choose at all!
I don't understand why you're
leaving all this up to me.
Welcome to
my domain, Yuma Tsukumo!
I am the notorious genius,
Dr. Faker!
You're Dr. Faker?
I've heard
of you.
You're Kite
and Hart's father.
That's right.
What a pleasure to meet
the son of Kazuma Tsukumo...
and your associate,
the original Number!
Astral, if he knows
you're here...
... then clearly
he can see me.
So, tell me, Doctor...
Why are you trying
to collect Numbers?
I need them to restore
my memory!
It was all part of
the agreement that I made
with Barian World.
What do you know
of Barian?
I know that it is a distant
world that is quite hostile
to your own Astral world.
I agreed to destroy
Astral world for the Barians.
In exchange I will receive
unimaginable power...
Then I can conquer
the Earth and rule over it!
That's sick!
You forced Kite to become
a Number Hunter
just so you
could get power?
Kite and Hart are both suffering
because of you!
How could you treat
your own kids this way?
Their fate was necessary.
Necessary?
My son's well-being means
nothing when compared
to the power
within my grasp!
I'll willingly sell out anyone
to gain such power...
like I did with
your own father, Kazuma!
A true genius like me cannot
allow lesser creatures
to stand in my way.
You're still gonna
have to get past me.
That will be easy.
You're destined
for destruction, Yuma...
the same way Astral world
is doomed!
Thanks for dropping in...
Now drop out!
At least we sort of
made a soft landing...
Whoa, my deck!
Should of worn a helmet...
Yuma, next time you lose your
deck go find it on your own!
Doctor Faker...
(Mr. Heartland)
It's gonna be a dynamic
day duel, devotees,
as we prepare
to launch the thrilling
World Duel Carnival
semi-finals!
We're down
to our final four!
The survivors of the Duel
Coaster will now face off
to see who becomes the first
World Duel Carnival champ!
This stadium's about to get
hotter than a barbeque grill
as Vetrix goes toe-to-toe
against Kite
and Shark aims
his sights on Yuma!
(cheering)
I can do this,
Astral.
I'll find a way
to take the top prize
and at the same time, help you
and all the friends
who're counting on me!
Yes!
C'mon--
Let's high-five the sky!